new checker `http-const` (#155)
Antonboom/testifylint: README.md

---

### http-const

```go
❌
assert.HTTPStatusCode(t, handler, "GET", "/index", nil, 200)
assert.HTTPBodyContains(t, handler, "GET", "/index", nil, "counter")

✅
assert.HTTPStatusCode(t, handler, http.MethodGet, "/index", nil, http.StatusOK)
assert.HTTPBodyContains(t, handler, http.MethodGet, "/index", nil, "counter")
```

**Autofix**: true. <br>
**Enabled by default**: true. <br>

> **Reason**: Is similar to the [usestdlibvars](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/linters/#usestdlibvars) linter. <br>

Reviewer: This one is for @Antonboom, Matthieu copy-pasted, and so moved the section available in Contributions.md

While the Reason was OK for a Dev purpose, I would expect a few more information by being a random Gopher finding this line. people are reading fast, and laziness/business might lead to do not click on the link.

So maybe if you could think about a better idea

At least something like that it doesn't have to be more

```suggestion
**Reason**: Cleaner code, this ckecker is similar to the [usestdlibvars](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/linters/#usestdlibvars) linter. <br>
```

> **Reason**: Cleaner code, this ckecker is similar to the [usestdlibvars](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/linters/#usestdlibvars) linter. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Reason**: Cleaner code and meaningful constants instead of magical numbers/identifiers. This checker is similar to the [usestdlibvars](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/linters/#usestdlibvars) linter. <br>
```

Reviewer: One typo+one suggestion
